# Project Structure

The following table gives an overview over the generated project structure:

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Folder</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/.paket">.paket</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>These files are used to obtain NuGet dependencies during a clean build, and for other Paket-related tasks including
        Visual Studio <em>Package Restore</em>.</p>
        <p>Do not put anything else in this directory.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>bin</td>
      <td>
        <p>The primary output directory for libraries and NuGet packages generated by the build scripts
        (i.e. <code>build.cmd</code> and <code>build.sh</code>).</p>
        <p>This is also the target directory when building in Visual Studio or Xamarin Studio (<em>Note: this has to be manually configured on a per-project basis, as has been done with the example project</em>).</p>
        <p>Do not put anything else in this directory.</p>
        <p>Do not commit the contents of this directory to source control.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/docs/content">docs/content</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Use this directory for all your literate documentation source files.
        These should be either F# scripts (ending in <code>.fsx</code>) or Markdown files (ending in <code>.md</code>).
        This project includes two sample documentation scripts. Feel free to extend and/or replace these files.
        For more information on generating documentation, please see <a href="http://tpetricek.github.io/FSharp.Formatting/" target="_blank">FSharp.Formatting</a>.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/docs/files">docs/files</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains supporting assets needed for documentation generation. 
        For instance, image files that are to be linked/embedded in the final documentation.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/docs/output">docs/output</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains the final artifacts for both narrative and API documentation. 
        This folder will be automatically created by the documentation generation process.</p>
        <p>Do not put anything else in this directory.</p>
        <p>Do not commit this directory to source control.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/docs/tools">docs/tools</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains tools used in the generation of both narrative documentation and API documentation.
        Edit <code>generate.fsx</code> to include the appropriate repository information
        (see the following table for more details).</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/docs/tools/templates">docs/tools/templates</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains the (default) Razor template used as part of generating documentation. 
        You are encouraged to edit this template. You may also wish to create additional templates; 
        that will involve making edits to <code>generate.fsx</code>.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/lib">lib</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Any <strong>libraries</strong> on which your project depends that are <strong>NOT managed via NuGet</strong> should be kept <strong>in this directory</strong>.
        This typically includes custom builds of third-party software, private (i.e. to a company) codebases, and native libraries.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/nuget">nuget</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Stores the NuGet package specifications for your project, typically a <code>.nuspec</code> file.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>packages</td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains any NuGet packages on which your project depends will be downloaded to this directory.</p>
        <p>Do not put anything else in this directory.</p>
        <p>Do not commit the contents of this directory to source control.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/src">src</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>The actual codebase (e.g. one, or more, F# projects) in your solution. 
        The project files are automatically renamed from (FSharp.ProjectTemplate) when initializing the project.</p>
        <p><em>NOTE: When you add projects to this directory, you will need to edit <code>build.fsx</code> and/or <code>generate.fsx</code>. 
        You will also need to update your <code>.sln</code> file(s).</em></p>
        <p><em>NOTE: Do not place test projects in this path; such files belong in the <code>tests</code> directory.</em></p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>temp</td>
      <td>
        <p>This directory is used by the build process as a "scratch", or working, area.</p>
        <p>Do not put anything else in this directory.</p>
        <p>Do not commit the contents of this directory to source control.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="https://github.com/fsprojects/ProjectScaffold/tree/master/tests">tests</a></td>
      <td>
        <p>Contains your test projects (i.e. libraries leveraging NUnit, xUnit, MBUnit, etc.).
        The sample project included in this directory is configured to use NUnit. Further, <code>build.fsx</code> is coded to execute these tests as part of the build process.</p>
        <p><em>NOTE: If you add aditional projects to this directory, you may need to edit <code>build.fsx</code> and/or <code>generate.fsx</code>.
        You will, likely, also need to update your <code>.sln</code> file(s).</em></p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>